My brain is mush. Go away. I need to study.wav|My brain is mush. Go away. I need to study!
and had minors in German business and nonprofit administration..wav|and had minors in German business and nonprofit administration.
None of it had to do with education..wav|None of it had to do with education.
Now that Im trying to get into the Teaching Credential Program.wav|Now that I'm trying to get into the Teaching Credential Program,
they looked at my transcript from University of Oregon.wav|they looked at my transcript from University of Oregon
and just unfortunately not enough of my class is transferred to be like to suit their requirements to get into the cr....wav|and just unfortunately not enough of my class is transferred to be like to suit their requirements to get into the credential program.
And each test has multiple subjects that it covers..wav|And each test has multiple subjects that it covers.
Im also taking prerequisite classes..wav|I'm also taking prerequisite classes.
I was lucky enough to get two classes waived based on my experience teaching in Korea..wav|I was lucky enough to get two classes waived based on my experience teaching in Korea.
um so those were able to cover two of my classes but i still have to take two more.wav|um so those were able to cover two of my classes but i still have to take two more
and then i will have to take classes as well for the year before i can then get certified.wav|and then i will have to take classes as well for the year before i can then get certified,
You kind of pick and choose what you think are the most likely to come up on the test.wav|You kind of pick and choose what you think are the most likely to come up on the test,
So multiple choice. That was pretty much how I thought it was going to be..wav|So multiple choice. That was pretty much how I thought it was going to be.
But always when it comes to the actual test the pressure of that test I feel like I secondguess myself a lot..wav|But always when it comes to the actual test, the pressure of that test, I feel like I secondguess myself a lot.
I felt like three of them were kind of what I was expecting and I think I did decently..wav|I felt like three of them were kind of what I was expecting, and I think I did decently.
I dont know if Ill get like the highest score is out of the three..wav|I don't know if I'll get, like, the highest score is out of the three.
and that one... I was really having to just kind of... come up with something.wav|and that one... I was really having to just kind of... come up with something
Working in Korea. definitely opened my eyes to how much I like to work with kids and teach..wav|Working in Korea. definitely opened my eyes to how much I like to work with kids and teach.
I dont have this indepth answer of why I want to teach like it.wav|I don't have this indepth answer of why I want to teach like it
like it is something I kind of fell into and found that I just actually really enjoyed it..wav|like it is something I kind of fell into and found that I just actually really enjoyed it.
