I had another guy randomly stop me in the grocery store to ask what people use Napa cabbages for.wav|I had another guy randomly stop me in the grocery store to ask what people use Napa cabbages for,
I knew at least from a Korean standpoint what it gets used for..wav|I knew at least, from a Korean standpoint, what it gets used for.
Id say its fermented cabbage. Korean fermented cabbage..wav|I'd say it's fermented cabbage. Korean fermented cabbage.
and we used to go there all the time..wav|and we used to go there all the time.
Like we probably as a group would go there once a week every other week or so.wav|Like, we probably as a group would go there once a week, every other week or so,
but if there were ever times where I really wanted it and no one could go with me I went by myself.wav|but if there were ever times where I really wanted it, and no one could go with me, I went by myself,
I mean all of us as a group of foreigners kind of got stared at..wav|I mean, all of us as a group of foreigners kind of got stared at.
So yeah so I had my meal paid for. They bought it at least two times I think..wav|So yeah, so I had my meal paid for. They bought it at least two times, I think.
But I feel like I kind of encouraged it by giving you a 10 out of 10 on that one soup you made..wav|But I feel like I kind of encouraged it by giving you a 10 out of 10 on that one soup you made.
And unfortunately some of them have been good but none of them have quite lived up to that one you made..wav|And unfortunately, some of them have been good, but none of them have quite lived up to that one you made.
I was introduced to the Kimchi Jjigae restaurant by my coworkers..wav|I was introduced to the Kimchi Jjigae restaurant by my coworkers.
And I cant say like really why it was so good but I just know that I really liked it.wav|And I can't say like really why it was so good, but I just know that I really liked it,
I dont know that just always made it to me that that is what Kimchi Jjigae is supposed to taste like..wav|I don't know, that just always made it to me that that is what Kimchi Jjigae is supposed to taste like.
So everything else just didnt taste the same..wav|So everything else just didn't taste the same.
But I dont even know technically was it really that good of one I mean probably not..wav|But I don't even know, technically, was it really that good of one? I mean, probably not.
And thats what I always based it off of..wav|And that's what I always based it off of.
Its still not as good as that very first one that you made two months ago..wav|It's still not as good as that very first one, that you made two months ago.
The problem is you dont follow a recipe so every time you never know how its going to turn out.wav|The problem is you don't follow a recipe, so every time you never know how it's going to turn out,
Whereas I feel like that one didnt have that oiliness to it..wav|Whereas I feel like that one didn't have that oiliness to it.
Something about these ones feel oilier to me.wav|Something about these ones feel oilier to me,
Lets take a two month break from Kimchi Jjigae and then you cook it again..wav|Let's take a two month break from Kimchi Jjigae and then you cook it again.
