We ended up going out and started dating and that..wav|We ended up going out and started dating and that.
Her roommate said if I was going to hang around I had to start paying rent or get out of the house..wav|Her roommate said if I was going to hang around, I had to start paying rent or get out of the house.
Practical thats me practical..wav|Practical, that's me, practical.
We all went out to dinner one night..wav|We all went out to dinner one night.
I was pushing the peppers aside..wav|I was pushing the peppers aside.
He was gonna show off I guess and he grabbed one and bit into it.wav|He was gonna show off I guess and he grabbed one and bit into it
I always enjoyed being around him..wav|I always enjoyed being around him.
Me and Wayne Hunter and Don and everybody got taken to the bar with him..wav|Me and Wayne Hunter and Don and everybody got taken to the bar with him.
I dont know if it was the first time or not but one of the times in Lafayette when they still had the house there..wav|I don't know if it was the first time or not, but one of the times in Lafayette when they still had the house there.
It was pretty early in the relationship.wav|It was pretty early in the relationship
We carried it all the way from Martinez to Lafayette.wav|We carried it all the way from Martinez to Lafayette
I went around a corner and all the filling came out of the pie.wav|I went around a corner and all the filling came out of the pie
Well it depends on the time of year..wav|Well, it depends on the time of year.
Take a nap or read a book..wav|Take a nap or read a book.
So its theres never a dull moment. Theres always something to do..wav|So it's, there's never a dull moment. There's always something to do.
Were going to have another guy come up and put new screws in the roof in the middle roof because theyre backing out.wav|We're going to have another guy come up and put new screws in the roof, in the middle roof, because they're backing out
Its a pain so theyre gonna replace them all..wav|It's a pain so they're gonna replace them all.
Way back we had a porcupine right by the Waynes house..wav|Way back we had a porcupine right by the Wayne's house.
It was surprising that the last time it was a mama bear and a fairly old cub..wav|It was surprising that the last time it was a mama bear and a fairly old cub.
I dont know what forced her to move during the heat of the day but something disturbed her.wav|I don't know what forced her to move during the heat of the day but something disturbed her
Theres been a lot of sightings in and around now..wav|There's been a lot of sightings in and around now.
Youve got to learn how to put it into freeze protection.wav|You've got to learn how to put it into freeze protection
Spend some time figuring out how to put things all the way.wav|Spend some time figuring out how to put things all the way
