I felt like Amy kind of stood out because she was wearing a white dress..wav|I felt like Amy kind of stood out because she was wearing a white dress.
and like other clothes that didnt quite fit..wav|and like other clothes that didn't quite fit.
There werent that many blonde girls you know in the crowd but there are still quite a few..wav|There weren't that many blonde girls you know in the crowd, but there are still quite a few.
There were very short lines for different merch sections selling just the light sticks in certain spots of the stadium..wav|There were very short lines for different merch sections selling just the light sticks in certain spots of the stadium.
If they went at like a very odd time.wav|If they went at like a very odd time,
We were definitely in the nosebleed seats..wav|We were definitely in the nosebleed seats.
Its an open air stadium..wav|It's an open air stadium.
It did not feel like a super serious scripted setup..wav|It did not feel like a super serious, scripted setup.
It was up to us to make it hot so he didnt catch a cold..wav|It was up to us to make it hot so he didn't catch a cold.
So he just kind of really played that up to see whether or not he was going to take his shirt off..wav|So he just kind of really played that up to see whether or not he was going to take his shirt off.
Daesung definitely made jokes about his appearance especially features of his face..wav|Daesung definitely made jokes about his appearance, especially features of his face.
but it turns out it was a brand name that said d squared..wav|but it turns out it was a brand name that said d squared.
Maybe in English the way they were saying it came across more silly..wav|Maybe in English, the way they were saying it came across more silly.
They were making mistakes and it turned into something humorous..wav|They were making mistakes and it turned into something humorous.
but it just felt Oakland felt random to me..wav|but it just felt Oakland felt random to me.
Hopefully we can get in line..wav|Hopefully we can get in line.
Maybe they were first in line..wav|Maybe they were first in line.
So definitely by the time the sun was going down..wav|So definitely by the time the sun was going down.
Throughout the entire concert it was really funny..wav|Throughout the entire concert, it was really funny.
So we were wondering if he had like a girls name written on the belt buckle..wav|So we were wondering if he had like a girl's name written on the belt buckle.
So it was a little unorganized at the end..wav|So it was a little unorganized at the end.
