There was nothing here on the property..wav|There was nothing here on the property.
we managed to use a headlight and a battery for lights..wav|we managed to use a headlight and a battery for lights.
we just used buckets or bottles for water until we had a spring built that was up on the hill..wav|we just used buckets or bottles for water until we had a spring built that was up on the hill.
we had water midway through summer and then we ran out..wav|we had water midway through summer and then we ran out.
we would all have inner tubes and air mattresses..wav|we would all have inner tubes and air mattresses.
we would play in the creek all afternoon till we were like blue-lipped..wav|we would play in the creek all afternoon till we were like blue-lipped.
we could only get in the creek after we got our chores done in the morning..wav|we could only get in the creek after we got our chores done in the morning.
its been a treat.wav|it's been  a treat!
The creek itself is called Dry Creek not because it ran dry of water because when back in the 1800s or 1890s whenever....wav|The creek itself is called Dry Creek, not because it ran dry of water, because when back in the 1800s or 1890s, whenever it was, the gold rush was going on, they never found any gold in the creek, so they named it Dry Creek.
our creek feeds a lake downstream..wav|our creek feeds a lake downstream.
Its known for fishing. they stock it like three times a year..wav|It's known for fishing. they stock it like three times a year.
through the years it got added on to three times..wav|through the years it got added on to three times.
we had a water line break and it flooded the whole place. we had to strip it right down the inside..wav|we had a water line break and it flooded the whole place. we had to strip it right down the inside.
we had to strip it all the way down to the studs so the building would dry out and wouldnt get moldy..wav|we had to strip it all the way down to the studs so the building would dry out and wouldn't get moldy.
They had to build the house to make it level..wav|They had to build the house to make it level.
As they were getting up in age and didnt have to worry about falls anymore..wav|As they were getting up in age and didn't have to worry about falls anymore.
That was my moms memorial bell that we built and this was mining equipment that we found up in the hills..wav|That was my mom's memorial bell that we built and this was mining equipment that we found up in the hills.
Now Kelly get to enjoy it..wav|Now Kelly get to enjoy it.
